Addition of new auth-method fields to consul cli commands section (#2769)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/consul/v1.22.x/content/api-docs/acl/auth-methods.mdx

  should produce. This can be either `"local"` or `"global"`. If empty the
  value of `"local"` is assumed. Added in Consul 1.8.0.

- `TokenNameFormat` `(string <optional>)` - Defines the token name format for the generated
   tokens This can be lightly templated using HIL `${foo}` syntax.

>   Defaults to `${auth_method_type}-${auth_method_name}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TokenNameFormat` `(string <optional>)` - Defines the token name format for
   the generated tokens. This can be templated using HashiCorp Interpolation
   Language. Defaults to `${auth_method_type}-${auth_method_name}`.
```

Author: Done.

  should produce. This can be either `"local"` or `"global"`. If empty the
  value of `"local"` is assumed. Added in Consul 1.8.0.

- `TokenNameFormat` `(string <optional>)` - Defines the token name format for
  the generated tokens. This can be templated using HashiCorp Interpolation

>   Language. Defaults to `${auth_method_type}-${auth_method_name}`.

Reviewer 2: The description for 2.0 contains the following:

> The variables `auth_method_type` and `auth_method_name` are always available
  for interpolation.
>
>  For OIDC and JWT claims mapping values, use `value.<claim_mapping_value>`.
>  
> An OIDC auth method could provide you the `given_name` and `family_name`
  variables. Example:
  `'${auth_method_type}-${auth_method_name}-${value.given_name}-${value.family_name}'`
>
> A JWT auth method could provide you the `preferred_username` and `sub`
  variables. Example:
  `'${auth_method_type}-${auth_method_name}-${value.preferred_username}-${value.sub}'`

Is this not true for 1.22?

Author: No. claim mapping introduced in 2.0

  should produce. This can be either `"local"` or `"global"`. If empty the
  value of `"local"` is assumed. Added in Consul 1.8.0.

- `TokenNameFormat` `(string <optional>)` - Defines the token name format for the generated

>    tokens This can be lightly templated using HIL `${foo}` syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   tokens. This can be templated using HashiCorp Interpolation Language.
```

Does this parameters have a default value as well?

Author: Not in update api

  should produce. This can be either `"local"` or `"global"`. If empty the
  value of `"local"` is assumed. Added in Consul 1.8.0.

- `TokenNameFormat` `(string <optional>)` - Defines the token name format for
  the generated tokens. This can be templated using HashiCorp Interpolation

>   Language.

Reviewer 2: Same as [comment above](https://github.com/hashicorp/web-unified-docs/pull/2769/changes#r3621341229)

Author: No. claim mapping introduced in 2.0
